Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
For this assignment, I was unable to complete the overload section as I didn't completely undertand how there would be a scenario for which the different classes would take in different types/numbers of parameters for the same method. One example listed in lecture was the "plus" method, which could add strings, or integers, or doubles, etc. based on overloading that method. This made sense to me, and helped me to understand how to use overload and what it means! However, in the context of this assignment, I was confused how we could find an alternative purpose for our existing methods to make the use of overload feasible. For example, I felt that the goToFloor() method would not ask for anything other than an integer (i.e- I couldn't think of a scenario would it ask for a string, where I wouldn't have to completely change the function of this method). Moreover, I didn't know how this method would ask for different numbers of parameters (since the nature of the method only requires one). I felt that the only things that were changing in the number of parameters were the constructors. However, these aren't shared methods since each constructor is specific to the class (i.e- they're called "public Cafe", "public House", etc.). Therefore, I didn't think these would be options to use overload, since my understanding was that in order to do this, we are manipulating the parameter type/number of parameters of an existing method shared amongsts the classes. 

Overall, I think I have a limited/misunderstanding of how we can apply overloads, which limited my ability to complete this part of the assignment. My hope is to go into TA hours/Office hours to discuss this further and tackle this part of the assignment again after getting some feedback. 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
For this week, my schedule was a bit hectic so I didn't have a chance to go to office hours, or TA hours. Therefore, I was left with many questions when I finished this assignment, which I'll detail below: 

One thing I was confused by was how we're actually considering overriding a method. For this assignment (for the Cafe, House, and Library class), I tried to override the showOptions() method option by instead making a print statement that only included the methods that were uniquely listed in each class. However, since I still have to copy and paste the new version of the print line, I don't see how it's any more efficient. 

I also didn't know how to fix the gotToFloors(...) method in order to move the incriment of floors that the user would want, so I just set the active floor number to the existing floor number + 2 (to show that they can travel between non-adjacent floors). However, this will need to be fixed to show that the elevator can move between any floors, not just in incriments of 2. 

I was also confused about how we were supposed to show instances of the library, cafe, and house classes in the campus map. Would this just be something that we show in the main of our campus map class? If so, that's already something that I had in the main() for each of my individual library, cafe, and house classes, so it's just what I copy and pasted into my campus map class as well (however I didn't know if we needed to do something else). 

